doc: README update (#30)
sinch/sinch-sdk-java: README.md

# Sinch Java SDK

Here you'll find documentation related to the Sinch Java SDK, including how to install it, initialize it, and start developing <language> code using Sinch services.

To use Sinch services, you'll need a Sinch account and access keys. You can sign up for an account and create access keys at [dashboard.sinch.com](https://dashboard.sinch.com).

For more information on the Sinch APIs on which this SDK is based, refer to the official [developer documentation portal](https://developers.sinch.com).

> **This SDK is currently available to selected developers for preview use only. It is being provided for the purpose of collecting feedback, and should not be used in production environments.**

Reviewer: Side note, who is the `selected developers`? Can we just mention that it's prerelease so prod use is not recommended and a possibility of breaking changes to come?

Author: @alex-sberna : What do you think about ?

Reviewer 2: I think this is a good idea. We can probably even just copy the same note that's on developers.sinch.com: "This SDK is currently available for preview purposes only. It should not be used in production environments."

> **This SDK is currently available to selected developers for preview use only. It is being provided for the purpose of collecting feedback, and should not be used in production environments.**

Author: ```suggestion
**This SDK is currently available for preview purposes only. It should not be used in production environments.**
```
